turbo-ignore doc. (#3814)
vercel/turbo: docs/pages/repo/docs/core-concepts/monorepos/ignoring.mdx

---
title: Ignoring tasks
description: Never do the same work twice.
---

# Ignoring Tasks

> [Build caching](/repo/docs/core-concepts/caching) will dramatically speed up your build pipelines - but you can do even better by using `npx turbo-ignore`. If your workspace is unaffected by your code changes, you can completely ignore executing a task altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Build caching](/repo/docs/core-concepts/caching) can dramatically speed up your build tasks - but you can do even better by using `npx turbo-ignore`. If your workspace is unaffected by your code changes, you can completely ignore executing a task altogether.
```

## Using `turbo-ignore`

To skip unaffected work with `npx turbo-ignore`, all you'll need is to make sure your git history is available.

> By default, `turbo-ignore` will run the build task in your current working directory. Under the hood, `turbo-ignore` compares the output of `--dry=json` from your previous commit to your current commit.

Reviewer 2: This depends - when deploying on Vercel, it won't compare against your previous commit by default, it will compare against the previously deployed SHA.

Here's an example of the command that it will build:

```bash
npx turbo run build --filter=@example/web...[3c8387ffd98b751305fe3f0284befdd00cbd4610] --dry=json
```

Note that this command does not _execute_ the build task. Instead, it checks if a **dry run** of a build is different from the **dry run** of the task from the previous commit.

## Customizing behavior

If you'd like to change the default behavior, there are a few arguments available.

> - `--workspace`: Runs `turbo-ignore` in the workspace with the name provided

Reviewer 2: I would change this slightly. This is altering the name of the workspace used in the first clause of the filter command - so it's not changing _where_ it's running. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- `--workspace`: Use the provided workspace for the filter command used by `turbo-ignore`. This defaults to the `name` field in the `package.json` in the directory where `turbo-ignore` is invoked.
```

- `--task`: Runs `turbo-ignore` with the specified task
- `--directory`: Specify a directory to run `turbo-ignore` in

> - `--fallback`: A ref/head to compare against if no previously deployed SHA is available

Reviewer: "previously deployed SHA" is a bit confusing here. Are we talking specifically about Vercel? Are we talking specifically of `build` tasks (assuming `build` tasks mean what we think it means for everyone)

Author: @tknickman I lack context on this one. Might I be able to suggest a suggestion from ya? 😬

Reviewer 2: Yep, previously deployed SHA is Vercel only

> The git SHA of the last successful deployment for the project and branch. Example: fa1eade47b73733d6312d5abfad33ce9e4068080. NOTE: This Variable is only exposed when an Ignored Build Step is provided.

https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/projects/environment-variables#system-environment-variables
